{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Galbusera, Fabio, Frank Niemeyer, Tito Bassani, Luca Maria Sconfienza, and Hans-Joachim Wilke. \uc0\u8220{}Estimating the Three-Dimensional Vertebral Orientation from a Planar Radiograph: Is It Feasible?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Biomechanics} 102 (March 2020): 109328. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jbiomech.2019.109328.\
Goris, B. C. E., M. Kuipers, J. De Vries, D. J. Wever, G. J. Verkerke, and A. G. Veldhuizen. \uc0\u8220{}On the Determination of the Angular Orientation of a Vertebra.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of Biomechanical Engineering} 124, no. 1 (February 1, 2002): 134\uc0\u8211{}36. https://doi.org/10.1115/1.1431265.\
Lecron, Fabian, Mohammed Benjelloun, and Sa\uc0\u239{}d Mahmoudi. \uc0\u8220{}Fully Automatic Vertebra Detection in X-Ray Images Based on Multi-Class SVM.\uc0\u8221{} edited by David R. Haynor and S\uc0\u233{}bastien Ourselin, 83142D. San Diego, California, USA, 2012. https://doi.org/10.1117/12.911424.\
Masharawi, Youssef, Khalil Salame, Yigal Mirovsky, Smadar Peleg, Gali Dar, Nili Steinberg, and Israel Hershkovitz. \uc0\u8220{}Vertebral Body Shape Variation in the Thoracic and Lumbar Spine: Characterization of Its Asymmetry and Wedging.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Clinical Anatomy} 21, no. 1 (January 2008): 46\uc0\u8211{}54. https://doi.org/10.1002/ca.20532.\
Vrtovec, Toma\uc0\u382{}, Franjo Pernu\uc0\u353{}, and Bo\uc0\u353{}tjan Likar. \uc0\u8220{}A Review of Methods for Quantitative Evaluation of Axial Vertebral Rotation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}European Spine Journal} 18, no. 8 (August 2009): 1079\uc0\u8211{}90. https://doi.org/10.1007/s00586-009-0914-z.\
}